Add a new interface: dg interface (#677)
hardbyte/python-can: doc/interfaces/dg.rst

DG Interface
================

Interface to `DG Technologies <http://dgtech.com>`__ Beacon

> 

Reviewer: Are there any extra drivers required for this? What platforms (operating systems) does it run on?

Bus
---

.. autoclass:: can.interfaces.dg.dg.DGBus

Capability
-------------

> The ``DGBus`` class implements several python-can methods::
> 
>     send, send_periodic, recv, set_filters, flush_tx_buffer, _detect_available_configs, shutdown

Reviewer: I think there is no need to mention the methods with definitely need to be implemented anyways. It raises the question if other interfaces do it even if they do not mention it. I'd suggest including these:

```suggestion
The ``DGBus`` class implements several optional methods: ``send_periodic`` and ``set_filters`` within the driver, as well as ``flush_tx_buffer`` and ``_detect_available_configs``.
```

DG Interface
================

Interface to `DG Technologies <http://dgtech.com>`__ Beacon

Bus
---

.. autoclass:: can.interfaces.dg.dg.dgBus

Configuration
-------------

> There are 6 parameters accepted by the ``dgBus`` class::

Reviewer 2: Document using Sphinx instead.

Reviewer 3: When I build the docs using Sphinx from the directions in the developers tutorial, I just get html files in doc/_build. Is there any specific style I should be adhering to when doing the rst documentation?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, that was confusing of me. You can have a look at some other interface init method’s docstring for examples. You could also utilize the typing module to document the types accepted by the parameters but that’s not required (I think).

Author: Done.
